This is a head-gum original.
Guys, everyone's talking about fake spring and how difficult it is to dress around
this time, but that's because it is.
It can be so difficult to find the right outfit in the spring when every day is different
and the weather can change at the drop of a hat.
Well, luckily, Fairty makes it way easier, because they make the perfect clothes for all
seasons.
Fairty is a family-run brand, making high-quality, timeless clothing with modern design
and functionality.
Guys, I gotta be honest, I'm very excited about this sponsorship.
I've been wearing Fairty clothes for years, it's unbelievably high-quality.
I have this reversible, long-sleeved shirt from them, that's like Heather Gray on one
side and then striped Navy on the other, and it's like, it truly is functional and some
of the most comfortable clothing I've ever had, and also they've lasted the test of time.
I've had them for several years and they are, you know, like new, if not a little softer.
And it's that kind of effortless style that you want every time you go dig in in your closet.
That's set, that shirt, that dress, that feels like you've had them again for years.
Maybe it's in a gorgeous print and it looks like it might be vintage, but it fits so well
that it feels like it was made just yesterday, just for you.
Well, that's Fairty.
Truly, guys, if you're looking for some new clothes, especially ones that are adaptable,
ones that are like, not simple in a boring way, but simple in a way that you can wear them,
kind of with anything, layer them, they make unbelievable stuff, and Fairty is so confident
in the quality of their stuff that they have a lifetime guarantee of quality.
They'll replace or fix your clothes forever, no matter what.
I mean, talking about making it easier to get dressed, and right now Fairty is giving
headgum podcast listeners 20% off. Again, 20% off. So go to Fairtybrand.com and use code.
What's that? A check out to snag 20% off all your new spring staples. That's code. What's that?
Fairty, F-A-H-E-R-T-Y brand.com for 20% off.
Highly recommend, guys. Go check it out. Thanks, Fairty.
Two whole servings of a day. You're not supposed to have more than 40 grams, and this is almost
80. In your mind is, you're talking about a root bear for the
world show listeners. Saspirilla, really. Maria Cabralanli and I are drinking, I would say,
sparring, roaring, roaring root bear. Yeah, I'm a bark squirrel. This can is 44 grams.
What's wrong with a W? That's like a big coddle. Yeah. And I think this is like slightly
more than half of that bottle. That's fair. But I have 12 ounces. I'm sorry to interrupt
Johnny, but I had a hanks, and that's like a Philadelphia craft soda, and that was 34 grams.
So like still too much, but fine, ultimately. Yeah. Alley pop. Alley pop is good. Not a fan of the root
bear one. What would you like? This draw bear even? A little one. That one's great. I want to say a
love grape. Oh, I've yet to try. Great. Nice. Nice. That's good. On the show today, obviously,
we have Johnny Villa on the sacks. Marie Cabralanli and the facts in Kalimori are already bringing up
the rear. Potentially in all star line up depending on how it goes. Right? So it might go well,
it might not. It's not going to be at my hand, because I have a really great show for this plan.
Let's check in emotionally and physically and spiritually with everybody. Let's start
emotionally, we'll go down the line. Just a sentence or two. Let's, you know, let's not be
eager to it. In the order, Kalimori could Johnny, let's go emotionally, how are you feeling?
I'm emotionally, I'm excited to be here. My second show last week, the episode was called Worst
episode ever two. So I feel like we can only go up.
Merika. I am excited because I've done really well in Wortell this week,
started out the week with a one. Insane. Incredible. Then a three and then two, two,
isn't a row. It's just an honor to be here to witness it. Yeah, thank you. I wish that you'd gotten
two on February 22nd. I, oh, okay. I wish I had gotten a two after my one rather than one,
three, two, two. That's fair. Johnny, it's, sorry, emotionally.
Emotionally, in a weird place, it's steadily declining. You know, I was just on vacation. Right,
and you know how, yeah, right after you come out of vacation, you kind of see the face of God and
every man, woman, and child. But then you come back to reality and all of a sudden, like,
you're become a little bit sour. You have to go to work. You have to deal with the,
the perils of being in a city. You said you were great. He said you went to like a movie
on vacation. Yeah, I saw the Batman. I couldn't help myself. I saw the Batman that I went to
David Buster's. And that was a high point, honestly. But how does that, that's not avoiding
life's normal perils? That's just doing things you could have done in New York.
Exactly. But I just didn't have to think about being in New York. Now that, that's the issue,
I think. Can I ask, oh, your favorite, David Buster's game is? What's your go to? You may not.
I'm sorry. I don't know if you're asking me or Johnny, but you may not. What's an asking you?
Johnny, what's your favorite? Johnny, what's your favorite? Yeah, you have a favorite.
You just, expand. All right. I guess I played the, the Crossy Road. They have a giant arcade machine
version of Crossy Road. A lot of iPhone games I've noticed. Yeah. But I think the, the one that takes
the cake is the Mario Kart arcade machine. Really? Yeah. If I had, if I had the money and I will have the
money, I will have, I'll get a put for Mario Kart machines in my house. Wow. Pretty good.
Too many. Can I? You should do three to that one person's always excluded or that there's this
empty weird chair next to you in a date. That just feels like it's so much more effort just to be mean
to somebody. Mean, it's culture. Hi. Can I tell an embarrassing, David Buster's story?
Please, yeah, everyone have you may not. I don't know if you're asking me. I'm going to do it anyway.
There's one game at David Buster's and it's a kung fu panda game. And essentially,
you're like presented with a bunch of drums, basically, that are like large buttons that you
push and familiar with this. And I, the first time, I think it was the first time I went to a
David Buster's in Chicago when I was in college. I played that game. And like, the goal is to just
hit the buttons as quickly as possible for some reason I decided to hit it with my fist, like punch
them. And I played the game so many times that my knuckles started bleeding. Oh my god.
Because I needed to get the top score. Because when you hit the jackpot, it's a thousand
tickets, which is great. But I did, uh, I think I hit it once then. And then we went to David Buster's
as a company in New York. It was like me, Marty, Amir, Jake, Micah, and Micah. And I made
all everyone hit a button at like, like, we were all just in charge of one. And then we hit the jackpot.
So that was an amazing moment for me. It's a fun game. Also, the jump rope game. I,
I think we walked into the thing. All you do is like jump over a light. And I immediately got the
jackpot. And that was like the first time I've ever done it. And I was like, that's crazy. It's
only downhill from here. Yeah. We should take this time to say a happy birthday to Beth.
Who? Happy birthday. Beth, I don't know her last name, but somebody, somebody tweeted at me and said,
that this is her favorite podcast. And it's her 30th birthday this week. So happy birthday Beth.
I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy right, belated birthday. Yeah, sure. But wow, you know,
it's like, the fact is we did it. The fact is we're recording it before her birthday. And it's
going to come out after. So bookending it is kind of getting it on the day. In a way.
Yeah. Happy belated birthday, Beth. Did you guys ever play the Matrix game at like a David Buster's
or like an arcade game? I haven't been to David Buster's in like 20 years. So sorry. What was the
Matrix game? You've never heard of it. It doesn't sound familiar. Yeah, it doesn't. Oh my god.
Well, you must not know about Reeves. You must not know about Reeves. He was born and
Bayeroon. Did you know that? Matter of fact, he was raised in Toronto with the six. You must not know
about Reeves. You must not know about Reeves. Talking key on Reeves. He's an actor. But don't you ever
for a second get to thinking he's in the new Batman. He's not. That's all right. I was so prepared for that.
Oh my god. That's a normal. It reminded me of that song from always be my maybe.
That's believe my punched key on Reeves. But 10 times worse for sure. Right. That was good.
Sorry about that. My favorite arcade game was actually at the ESPN zone. And it was you lies.
You lies supine. And it's like a racing game where like your feeling gravity
Oh, wait. Never mind. So it's is it a game? Do you play it? Or is it just like, you know,
it's like a raccoaster things? No, you're like, okay, you're driving. Don't.
Full steam ahead. We did experience some audio issues. You know what I think it is? I think that
my dongle from my USB microphones cord to my laptop is not working super well. But it is super dry.
Because it's going to be unicolostile.
There was such a stretch and it didn't make sense up here. And honestly, so to the genes have
stretch. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah, it's ultimately fine. Yeah, you even felt it. Yeah, that sucked.
Here's what we'll do. We still haven't gotten to physical. So Caleb,
Mertica, Johnny, let's do one word for this one physically. How are you feeling?
Soar. Can I have one word? You may not. Okay. Mertica.
Unwell. Really. Johnny.
A ill. Jesus. But like there is a wrong way to go to school. It's cool. Yeah, but also I am a little just
a little because it's one word. Only. Yeah. Oh, sorry. No, it's all right.
I don't know what I'm going to do. And then we'll do spiritually.
Gala.
Whole. Wow. Wow.
Soar and full and whole.
Mertica. Fulfilled. Okay. Nice. Johnny. I think we can go with ill again.
This one's good or bad. Which one is spiritually ill? That's really hard to hear. Yeah.
All right. Let's move on to our first wax thing. And obviously we're, um, we're no stranger to this segment.
Bond of the fucking week this week. I'm choosing Ryan Couglar. Oh, it's time for him to get out of the
director's chair and into bucking wardrobe for like a better term, specifically Sun spell Polos.
James Bond style double a seven. Yeah. Right behind it. Bye. That's the first time
anyone's ever fully agreed. You think Couglar being a good man. James. Because it could also be James Couglar.
If they weren't a bit like redo the name of the right side. They couldn't get the right.
Yeah. It's fine, man. You can even bring up like the newest items around him. Yeah. Yeah. It's relevant.
But well, I don't want to talk about it. It's sad. But it sounds like they gave him money.
Doesn't make it right. But I've just, I want him to get that bag. Mm-hmm.
Get the bag. It's James Bond. Uh, my bond of a week. Oscar Isaac. Yeah. Yeah. That's good.
Although his Monet is a little, I can't tell the difference. Oh. Yeah. So it sounds like really
perfecting the Oscar Isaac. Uh, English accent. Yeah. It's my favorite thing to do. Johnny.
I'm going to have to go with Daniel Kalua. I don't know if you guys have seen him in the news lately.
But he, uh, he fired everybody from his team. And now he's working with a spiritual advisor named
Air Holiness. What? Really? Yeah. Uh, a spokesperson from CAA was like, yeah, we don't represent him anymore.
And I kind of like that. He's not being represented by, uh, an agency. He's being represented
by a higher spiritual being than us. And I kind of respect that. And I'd want that, you know, my next
bond. Thank you. I feel like Bond is an atheist for sure, though, right? Yeah. At least I know that.
Yeah. Bond is definitely, uh, I think he's like a Christian guy, but like he doesn't go to church.
He's not one, he maybe goes on like Easter or Christmas. It's like a laugh Catholic.
Yeah. Yeah. Dude, this is crazy. And you're not going to fucking believe me, but literally
fucking 007 was in my midnight mass on Christmas. Yeah. You'll never believe it. Um, he was in the
manger that night. And he was, it was in Paris, too. So he was also
manger a manger in Paris. Yeah. He was eating. Yeah. He was eating.
Sorry. We're going to have to cut that out for some. So can we get that again? Um, hang on.
Also, it was in Paris. So he was a manger. Oh, a manger in Paris. Yeah. Not a well-a-guiding.
And then pretty good. That was your line. Okay. All right. Bond of the week, um, gender-bending bond.
I'm going to go with Patricia Arquette's character harmony in severance.
So not Patricia Arquette. It's going to be specifically this. This character harmony. But ultimately,
it'll still be the character James Bond. It's just that she's she's making choices that her
character in severance would make as an actor playing James Bond. Patricia knows she's actually
harmony playing James Bond. That's, um, that's huge. Yeah.
Um, I, when I worked at Carple Carriolki, we did one episode. We only did four episodes
when I was there. And only two of them came out. And one of them was with Patricia and David Arquette.
And they were the only people who came on the show and actually wanted to do everything that we pitched to them.
And I, so I love Patricia Arquette. She's correct. Um, all right. Let's move on. Um,
I need to change. Oh, here we go.
I don't know why. Welcome to Villa's guarantees.
You've heard of Marika's brothers from the same creators come Villa's guarantees. Two minutes on
the board and we're going to need, um, Johnny, we're going to need you to, like, basically what is
the Villa guarantee. You know what I mean?
The Villa guarantee, uh, at least in this episode is uh, it's, it's not going to be the worst episode
ever to, uh, or three rather. I guarantee you that. Uh, we have Kayla. We have Marika on here. We have
Jeffrey who's probably bringing it down, but quite honestly, I think I think we're doing a pretty
bang-up job, which is a good thing. I think that's what the phrase means. Uh, is there anything that I
want to talk about? And Colorado, uh, I met a girl scout, uh, and I was speaking to her father.
Uh, I was buying Girl Scout cookies. Uh, we started talking about milk and cookies, uh, which is the
age-old, uh, dessert for children and teens alike. And during that exchange, uh, the girl chimed
in the Girl Scout chimed in, she said, yep, a gallon of milk a day. And I looked to her father,
and he's like, yep, she buys, uh, milk every single, she drinks a gallon of milk every day.
And I was just absolutely befuddled. I thought I was on the right side of history by thinking
that milk was a good thing. But after seeing that family, I realized now how wrong I was and how
milk is, uh, guaranteed bad thing for you to have. Uh, we're still, there's still time on the
spot. There's 48 seconds left. 40 seconds left on the clock. Um, I saw a dog race and Colorado.
That was interesting. Garen, I guarantee you if you go to a Denver Nuggets game, you'll see a dog
race in the middle of the show, which is the half-time show. And the half-time show generally occurs
after the second quarter of the, of the, of the basketball game. And these things kind of happen,
like everyone needs to break sometimes, right? That's why we go on vacation. Uh,
and that's the Villa Garen T. How many more seconds left? 14. I have 14. Okay, one more guarantee.
You have 11 seconds. Okay. I guarantee you that in 2023, I will let you down. And I'm sorry in advance.
That's so far from now. All right. That's, it's over. Yeah. Why are you going to let people down in
2023? Like a whole swan that people enough to broadcast it out now as a guarantee. I mean,
Villa Garen T is over. I'm kind of a little beat from it. All right. I'm sorry to press, I guess.
But I will let you down. Like, you have to let you down. Um, no, nice Beatles. Um, I've been
pretty into French, or sorry, Caleb, we're going to say something. I just get a cell journey. He has
not let me down yet. Oh, thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. Yeah. I know we will only know
each other about a month, but so far. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Don't get your hopes up. It's what I'm saying.
Weird. You're guaranteed. Um, I've been obsessed with French brassers recently.
Mm-hmm. Yeah. And with that comes the certain ethos of, uh, and I was selling Marie-Chan and
Johnny this last night because we were at a, a brassery. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Good food. Good wine and good
conversation. And I can't really think of another type of food place where all three of those things
are almost a real style of guaranteed. Mm-hmm. Isn't that really close to a restaurant's
slogan, like good eats, good something, good conversation. Are you thinking of better ingredients,
better pizza, pop a chance? Yeah. I don't think so. Okay. Um, because last night, the, I mean,
correct me if I'm wrong, Johnny, but I think that the, the conversation flowed as free as wine.
It didn't. You were texting us in the middle of the conversation, actually. Yeah. We should read
those actually. Well, I would actually would be remiss if we read the actual texts and he's, yeah,
he's pulling that out. Yeah, or I'm telling you, because well, um, so Jeff texted me and then
motion at the table to check my texts very clearly. Oh, that obvious. It's saying that it's
why is it that only when I speak do people look puzzled slash angered. He's about angered
wrong and I'm corrected it. Mm-hmm. Well, it's because I had a couple of glasses of wine.
Vance true. Really? Rainbow. Wow. Not a couple. You kind of just finished one and you were
just starting your second glass. And it wasn't like a full glass either. It was kind of just like
you were testing out the testing out. Quasu? Oh, so loud. I think that means what's that.
Wait, what did you say? Quasu, which is just actually it's what that. So it would have to be
actually I think it'd just be cascassé.
Okay, cascassé. That's how are you doing, I think.
Um, I just know what is that. I believe. Yeah.
Anyways, yeah, in the middle of those actually nearing the end of our time at the restaurant
and we're having a good time. It seemed like and then you texted me at 926 is my vibe really good.
Just a weird thing to text somebody in general. You didn't even respond.
Yeah, I did it. Yeah. I felt uncomfortable pulling out my phone in the middle of we were having
a good time. Remember? Right. Yeah. Questionable. Yeah. Would you say that night had a,
go for it. Okay. I was going to say Jeff. Oh, I was going to say Jeff. Did you think that that
night had a certain journal say quah about it? That's really good. Oh, God. That's really
fucking good. Yeah. And I'm really glad that it interrupted very much twice actually to have delivered
that. That was easy. I just wanted to know what spurred this obsession of the week for you.
Obviously, first soon. Right. Right. I just meant like, was there a reason that you went to
Lucy and was it just because you heard it was good. And then you were like, this is the reason why
want to go to a French pastor. Don't make that face to me. I got dinner with a friend
because she wanted to see me before I left. I wanted to see her as well. On Monday, I said,
what kind of food do you want? Pick a type of food and I'll find a place and make a reservation.
She said French. So I was just looking up good French restaurants in New York City. And then I saw
Lucy and and I had walked past Lucy and near that weekend last weekend. And I was like, oh, that's
funny. Because one of my friends knew boyfriend's name is Lucy and I haven't met him and he's very
mysterious. So I was going to send her a photo of him though the restaurant. So I was like, oh,
maybe I'll check out what this place is about. It looks nice. It looks quaint, but it's the food
good and a quick Google search resulted in a garage.vice.com oral history really. Okay,
let. And so it was basically talking about how Lucy and was the last bastion of writers'
salons in New York City, where basically, I mean, for lack of it or term, the wine flowed as free
as conversation. Wow. Yeah. Thank you for all this background information. And they turned
by doing last night. Sorry. I couldn't make it. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, that's and I wish you could have been there.
Yeah. We ended up Johnny. We did the Mongers one. Basically. I don't know if you had any
of the cheese. It was a soft cheese. You know what it was? Yeah, it's not a Mongers one by the way. It was
just an order of cheese. Really. Fromage, it stayed in the menu. Yeah. It was, was it a triple crème?
It was a good cheese, man. It was a good cheese, Marika. Yeah. It was, it said it on the menu and
the room must not know about free. You must not know about free. I can have another cheese in a minute.
Matter of fact, I'll have some cheese in a minute. More free. You must not know about free. You must not
go about free. I'll have a variety cheese by tomorrow. But don't you ever for a second get to thinking,
it's better than some free. Ha. This podcast is sponsored by Better Help Online Therapy.
Guys, relationships take work, right? A lot of us will drop everything to go help someone that we
care about. We'll go out of our way to treat other people well. But how often do we give ourselves
the same treatment? I invested myself in many ways, whether it's staying active or going to therapy,
I'm always trying to work on myself and make sure that I'm also making space for my needs, man.
Well, this month, Better Help is here to help, specifically wanting to remind you
to take care of your most important relationship, the one you have with yourself.
Whether it's hitting the gym, making time for a haircut, or even trying therapy,
your greatest asset is to invest the time and effort into yourself like you do for other people.
Better Help is online therapy that offers video, phone, and even live chat sessions with
their therapist. So you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to. It's also
much more affordable than in-person therapy and you can be matched with a therapist in under 48 hours.
So give it a try and see why over 2 million people have used Better Help Online Therapy.
Therapy's changed my life. I'm a much better version of myself than I was even a year ago.
And I want the same for all of you guys. So again, the headgun podcast is sponsored by Better Help.
And you as listeners get 10% off your first month at BetterHelp.com slash what's that?
Again, that's Better Help. BETT-E-R-H-E-L-P.com slash what's that?
Thanks, Better Help. Thank you to Athletic Greens for sponsoring this episode.
Guys, I'm obsessed with AG1. I'm sorry to say, but it has the things that get me right in the
morning, noon and night, right? I use Athletic Greens every day. I'll have a couple water in the
morning and then I'll do my AG1 and then like an hour later I do my coffee. I'm off to the races,
rat or otherwise, right? I used to be a big supplement guy. I used to do a million different pills and
it was expensive and it was inconvenient. And instead I can get all the nutrition that I need
from just one scoop of Athletic Greens. So what is this stuff? Well, with just one scoop of
Athletic Greens, you're absorbing 75 high-quality vitamins, minerals, whole-food source superfoods,
probiotics, and adaptogens to help start your day right. This special blend of ingredients supports
your gut health, your nervous system, your immune system, your energy recovery, focus, and aging,
all the things, right? It's lifestyle friendly. Whether you eat keto, paleo, vegan, dairy,
freer gluten-free, it's all good with Athletic Greens. It contains less than one gram of sugar
with no GMOs, no nasty chemicals, or artificial anything while still tasting good. To me,
it has this kind of tropical bubble gum flavor. It does not taste like mud, like I thought it would.
It supports better sleep quality and recovery, mental clarity and alertness, and it's the one
thing with the best things. Athletic Greens uses the best of the best products based on the latest
science with constant product generation and third-party testing. And it lost a cost less than
$3 a day, but you're investing in your health and it's cheaper than a cold brew habit. I have both.
It's also cheaper than getting, like I said, all of the supplements yourself. You're investing in an
all-in-one nutritional insurance. So right now, it's time to reclaim your health and army
immune system with convenient daily nutrition, especially heading into cold and flu season.
It's just one scoop of in a cup of water every day. That's it. No need for a million
different pills and supplements to look out for your health. And to make it easy,
athletic Greens is going to give you a free one-year supply of immune supporting vitamin D
and five free travel packs with your first purchase. I'm about to go to Colorado right now to
ski and I'm taking my athletic greens with me. All you have to do is visit athleticreens.com slash
what's that? Again, that's athleticreens.com slash what's that? To take ownership over your health
and pick up the ultimate daily nutritional insurance. Thanks athletic greens. Can I, can I talk
about some France-related news that's really exciting for me? Yeah. Yeah. Today, the lineup for
the 24 hours of limon came out, which I am going to go into. Yeah. And Michael Fassventor is
indeed competing in his first ever 24 hours of limon this year. Yeah, that's crazy. Really excited
to see him do probably terribly. Yeah. When is this? This is in June. Exciting. Yeah. That's
awesome. Has he ever been bond as a week? He was one week, I think. I think it was somebody's
bond pick. I think I might have been Billy Brook. We do have a big bond. Here we go. Something
I've been wanting to get into recently is mysteries. Because one of my favorite literary
characters is Sherlock. And I feel like I sort of have that, that eye for her. Your screen. What's
that? I can see. You know, we see Garage Man, man. You can share specific windows. All right. Then
I will. I don't know if this is a better not, but did you know that my last name is a very famous
Sherlock Holmes character? Yeah. Moriarty. Yeah. That's why I've been a lot on you Moriarty to other
people. Oh, good. Kayla, I have a photo because I was really into the Sherlock series. The BBC
series. I have a photo of a grave stone that says Moriarty somewhere on my phone. Please send to me. Maybe
I'm sorry. Are we ready? You're not. Go ahead. Sorry. No, don't be, you don't have to be
sorry because he's we're having a good time. I feel like he's, let's find. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry for
you. Really. 54 inches of questions. You're opposed. How would they get from from this
color? Are they straight or? I don't know if you're bending it. A wooden tool used to shoot arrows
called a re-curved bow. You can see that it's got it's it's bent to create the curvature. It appears
to be very old. It was completely submerged. Amazing condition. You could almost string it up and pull
for our audio listeners. Mystery surrounds a 400-year-old or hunting bow. And preserve. It was made
by a mastered craftsman from from my perspective. I'm sure Georgia, Lexi, and butchhobson
are dinner in a Athabaskin. They've come to see the hunting bow. These are bows collected by
the Russians. But it doesn't look like any other Athabaskin bows collected from the area. You
can kind of see on that. The shoulder is really different. It appears to be a U-pick design. These are
pretty distinctive. Deepening the mystery. What is a U-pick style bow doing in a lake in the middle of
the day. I was just about to ask. I was causing more questions. Nobody was. We were both behind.
So U-pick folks could have come down to the old village and done trading there. I wouldn't know how
they shot it up there. In more populated parts of the world. Question, yeah, then becomes how
did they traveling that far? Discover, of new artifacts. Alaska, we just we just don't have that
kind of development. So it's very rare. It's very rare for us to come across material like this.
There's tiny hole helped find one answer. We moved approximately two million
part of that commentary was. Oh, that's good. We submitted to Kaelican at U-pick.
But some answers only deep in the mystery. I wish they spoke and talked. I really didn't.
Yeah, that's funny. I would be over a few centuries later. I really wish they could tell us how
I got there and what it's doing. Adding 400 years of questions to the mystery,
although like Clark Bow. All right, so just to recap, 400-year-old hunting bow found
in Alaska. Potentially traced to the U-pick tribe of North America. And the question then becomes
where did this originate? How was it preserved so well? Which I think that might have been answered
and that it was preserved in ice. And John, are you crying? No, I'm just thinking, I'm actually
kind of smiling a little bit because I was thinking, what if that boat could actually talk
and host this podcast and the little of you? And Luke and actually, in the little of you,
can you stop sharing your screen? Yeah, this isn't, I don't want to see this in it. Wow. All right.
This is open discussion. We only have about five minutes for this. But if you guys have any thoughts,
I wear five. Yeah, let's solve it in five minutes, basically. What's the mystery? The mystery
being, how is it preserved so well? Where did originate? How did it get to Alaska? If it is.
I think that it floated in some ice down a waterway. And that ended up there.
Yeah, well, I'll never know for sure. It's a Washington to an atlaska mystery. Is that right?
Sorry, let's just, if we can fully delve into Marie, because theory here, which I don't
think is smart river flow Washington state. Okay, let me know. In Google. Now, I'm just saying it
for the audio listeners, which I think is a down. Well, also, I don't, I don't know where the epic
people. Yeah, that's also. We don't have to look this up. You said we only have five minutes
right. And it was all going to be special speculation. What makes you think that we're qualified
to solve this mess. How does anyone get qualified? They fucking try and they fail and they try and
they fail to get better over time. Are they try and fail to get better? They try and fail to get better.
Notification, take courses. You know what, this is poison. Fuck.
Come on guys. Kelly's the only one who's giving me the fucking time of day right now.
I mean. Oh, God. Where's that talking bow when we need them?
I love to come to the background to talk bows. No, it's fun. Welcome to backgrounds. That's what we're doing.
We can talk back. Backgrounds. Backgrounds. So I have written out a couple of acronyms. And we,
it's our job during this segment to back our way into what they stand for. Let's start with lamb.
Just throw out any suggestion. Yeah, L-A-M-B.
Orange. Uh, what's up?
Large ass military bunker. You know, with war going on. That's good. That's not, but it would save a lot of
time, especially in military scenarios. I was going to say late ass, uh, actually, I didn't think that
went through. Late ass, Maria, I wanted to say Shriver, but that doesn't start with a B. How could you
not thought of this up? But that, how could you not thought about this through? One of the
Marieka's biggest complaints with the me hosting these show is that I always come prepared with
jokes that everybody has to just fucking sit through and everybody else has under prepared
because they didn't get a heads up. So I didn't come up with ones for these. Lamb, what about this?
Lame ass Marieka Brownlee. Yeah, I was going to say, oh my, oh, sir there. I was going to say look at
male bosos. Oh, that's like Johnny and his roommate. Why would you bring my roommate into this?
He's not even sort of a boson. It wasn't about you, Johnny. Yeah. P-K-L. Okay.
Okay. Sorry, that's it. P-K-L. P-K-L. P-K-L. P-L like, uh, pharmacy. Wow. So the worst word, the worst word
is, uh, hard to think of like, not name words, let's start with K. Okay. Let's put it
around that other. What about, yeah, paid K-L off. So it's like K-L defines out one of Johnny's secrets
and he kind of like gives a $2,000 under the table. That's good. I was going to say fill a
Southical Kuala orientation. Oh, that's good. So it's like Kuala's a study. Sorry, one second,
Maria. So it's like Kuala's a studying. Yeah. It's like their first day of philosophy school for
Kuala's. That's really good. Thanks. What about R-R-R?
R-R-R-R-R. What do you review? R-R-R-R-R-R. How about that? Try that one on precise, Jeffrey.
Oh, is it? Wow. Reading railroad rocks. Really rough retention isn't like coming.
If you've actually listened to this podcast all the way through. Yeah, that's good. That's good.
Honestly, not good, but over a hundred percent. This is not a hard rock.
Yeah, I mean, I was going to say rest relaxation and reactiveness. So it's like you rest,
you relax, and then you're still angry.
Moving on. S-B-N.
I immediately thought of it as the abbreviation of supernatural, the TV show. So I'm going to take
a second to think about what I've done. Yeah. What about R-R-R-R-R. It was a B, but I guess I'll still,
why don't we still let it be? Let's still let it be. Spoon-poon in noon, but it's S-B-N. It's one of those weird ones.
Okay. I didn't think you said P. R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R.
Let's say I'll stand for it.
Lee? Yeah, Robert E. Lee, Kennedy. Weird.
Is it R-F-K? It is. This isn't a former president.
Just someone else, a random person, got it.
All right. What about A-B-D?
Always B-Dying. Dabbing. Dilligent. Oh, okay.
It's interesting you guys all kind of went with the A-B-C thing. They're like, um,
Glenn Gary Gillen-Ross thing.
What would you have gone with? A mere Blumenfeld's dead.
That's terrible. I wouldn't. You have a soundboard. You don't have to make that sound.
There's not a big enough of applause. Like this is like,
it would be more people than that.
Just what it? That's mean. Just saying.
G-2-K.
What? 2-K? 2-K?
G. The number 2-K.
Why are you, why do you keep using K's?
I don't care with the K.
What about Grammysie to K-La?
So it would be like how long it takes to get from Grammysie Park to K-La's apartment.
And what's that address?
It is. Not gonna tell you.
Yeah, good. Good.
Only people that invite me to their good by dinner parties get my address.
Okay. Oh, grrrr.
Then we'll do run it back tonight at a different Brassery. Let's go sit all at 7.30.
Done. But before that, what about Y2-R?
Y2-R?
Yeah.
Y2 rank.
Is that just the, yeah. That's just an, you're just saying that's an acronym.
You're not saying that to me.
I mean, she doesn't have to expound on it, but yeah, I think no one on top of you.
We know the real, what it really means.
If it is pointed, that sees on the mic.
Y2 revolting.
All right, we have one last segment to get to, here we go.
To Bay, are the rides of March important?
Up, go, up, aside.
Yeah, come on. Great.
Okay. I need an Ide of March refresher to be honest.
Yeah, yeah, I'm looking at that.
Refer to March 15th. The Basin is the Roman Islander equivalent of March 15th.
It's also the day that Julius Caesar was assassinated.
And so some people either celebrate it, maybe probably not anymore, unless they're crazy,
but it was the three days of mourning starting on March 15th.
But also it's just kind of this idea that, you know, around the Ide's of March,
there's an energy shift in the year.
I'm shift.
Definitely.
I think the Ide's of March, then, are probably important still.
Okay. Yeah, because there's a lot of, I mean, there's like the play,
Julius Caesar, like there's media, around that event, that is still relevant.
So yeah.
And from like a 10,000 foot level, like I love, you know, a betrayal, midseason arc.
That's fun.
I guess the bigger question here is, do the Ide's ring true to this day?
And I think we kind of touched on it that we do think it does.
But is it really the Ide's or is it daylight savings times?
I mean, that feels like a betrayal.
That's, that's actually really interesting, you think about it.
What's the one state that doesn't do daylight savings of that Arizona?
I think so.
It was, is it really?
Why am I, I'm thinking of the West Wing scene,
or they're yelling, and they're like in Indiana or something, right?
Yeah.
It's one of the Southwestern ones, because it's, I know that it would be,
like sometimes it's specific times, sometimes it's mountain time.
But is there a way that we can make the Ide's more modern or more fun, let's say?
Maybe like, probably cyber bullying instead of stabbing?
Yeah, that's good.
So cyber bullying people who deserve it are like,
I mean, I think anyone, okay.
I don't know if I can endorse that on a podcast with such an important platform as this one,
but, yeah, it's true.
I take it back.
I, I was thinking, because like one of my favorite parts of the week,
and it's usually where betrayals happen as well, is drunch.
You know, Saturday or Sunday drunch, which is just for those don't know,
brunch is a combination of lunch and breakfast, and then drunch is adding alcohol into the mix.
What if it was the Ide's of drunch?
So instead of doing like a dry January, you do a really drunk march.
That sounds like it could be fun for some people.
I mean, George Clooney certainly thinks it deserves remembrance,
because he has a two-kilimbrant.
Huh?
Remembrance?
Yeah.
Do you remember that on that?
Sorry.
Oh, I'm not your companion.
Remembrance for a brand.
That could be good for a background him.
What about JRV?
My initials, Jonathan, Raphael.
All right, never mind.
Then George Clooney produced the Iides of March with Ryan Gosling,
and he also has a tequila brand.
So I feel like if he is an interested in the idea,
we could get him on board for the Iides of drunch.
Probably.
I'll tell you probably.
Do you have his contact info?
I mean, I can get his reps easy, easy money.
The question is, how do you get in the room with him?
Because you know, he probably has like a business team.
Right.
I think you're going to have to flesh out your pitch more before you get to that stage,
because it's pretty not well thought out at the moment.
Yeah.
All right.
And then maybe it really stands.
Months is what you're doing.
Well, not just the month that specifically,
March and drunk drunk.
Sorry, not a couple.
For next year, I assume, because it's already March 10th.
I was hoping we could try and get it going by the Iides,
but yeah, I mean, I'd be open to the 2023.
That also could be when Johnny betrays me.
Oh my god, yeah.
I do like the idea of a man betrayal.
Because Johnny, you said that one of your guarantees was that you were going to betray
others next year.
Now Johnny's my Johnny.
Ah, this is crazy.
All right.
You know what?
We're out of time anyway.
I can just say betray.
I said, I'll let let you down.
Great.
The first sign that Johnny is going to get out of here faster.
He just stopped his own thought and said, grrr.
Plugs.
Let's go Kayla, Johnny, Maria.
What do you guys have going on?
What do you want to point to people to the floor?
Is your social media projects anything?
OK, please everyone follow, head gum on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram,
TikTok and YouTube and gumball FM on Twitter and LinkedIn.
If you're professional and follow me on Twitter and Instagram,
Kayla, allow more already.
And don't betray anyone on the 15th, please.
Or cyber bully.
Villa.
Can't hear him.
Are you typing them out?
I can't even read it.
Follow me on Instagram.
Oh, Johnny, maybe.
The time this comes out, I believe that XOXO gossip kings, the Gossip Girl podcast,
posted by Carl Tart and Lamar Woods will have a YouTube channel
and be doing video episodes.
So put that link in the description and you should follow it.
And subscribe because they're really, really funny.
It's really funny show.
And then follow me on Twitter, Instagram, and letterboxed at Maria Kayla.
And follow BD newcomers, letterboxed.
Marvel at newcomers.
They're doing their fifth season on the MCU.
And it will be really funny and fun.
Hell yeah.
And you can follow me on Instagram at Jeffrey James on TikTok.
At, I am Jeffrey James because I couldn't get at Jeffrey James.
The person who has it hasn't posted anything.
I think his name is Matthew.
But we'll see you guys again next week.
Uh, and until then, I guess that's Daw's folks.
That was a hit-dum original.